fix(readme): AWSTask readme linking error (#3177)
aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios: README.md

**Note**: Most of the service client classes have a singleton method to get a default client. The naming convention is `+ defaultSERVICENAME` (e.g. `+ defaultS3TransferManager` in the above code snippet). This singleton method creates a service client with `defaultServiceConfiguration`, which you set up in step 5, and maintains a strong reference to the client.

## Working with AWSTask

> To work with asynchronous operations without blocking the UI thread, the SDK provides AWSTask objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK returns `AWSTask` objects when operating on asynchronous operations to avoid blocking the UI thread, .
```

> The SDK returns `AWSTask` objects when operating on asynchronous operations to avoid blocking the UI thread, .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK returns `AWSTask` objects when operating on asynchronous operations to avoid blocking the UI thread.
```
